Add reverse DNS to exoscale_compute resource (#56)
exoscale/terraform-provider-exoscale: website/docs/r/compute.html.markdown

* `display_name` - The displayed name of the Compute instance. Note: if the `hostname` attribute is not set, this attribute is also used to set the OS' *hostname* during creation, so the value must contain only alphanumeric and hyphen ("-") characters; it can be changed to any character during a later update. If neither `display_name` or `hostname` attributes are set, a random value will be generated automatically server-side.
* `hostname` - The Compute instance hostname, must contain only alphanumeric and hyphen ("-") characters. If neither `display_name` or `hostname` attributes are set, a random value will be generated automatically server-side. Note: updating this attribute's value requires to reboot the instance.
* `key_pair` - The name of the [SSH key pair][sshkeypair] to be installed.

> * `reverse_dns` - The domain name of the reverse DNS of the Compute instance (domain name ends with a `.` e.g: `example.com.`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `reverse_dns` - The reverse DNS record of the Compute instance (must end with a `.`, e.g: `my-server.example.net.`).
```

Author: https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-exoscale/pull/56/commits/1a41f1a2096470274263b8925a2eabd61b652f39
